# The-gaming-room-software-design-document

# Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The Gaming Room client is the client who wants to creat a game called Draw it or Lose it. The game application and the software are considered one of the interesting mobile games for large community of players. The software will have number of characters to play. The games is only performed on the Android platform, and the client wants the application can be experienced and performed on iOS, Linux, Mac, webstite and other platforms. The client also want to develop a web-base application from the game. 

# What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
I have expanded and listed the brief descriptions and informations on the Gamer’ Room operating platform and adding the details for hosting the webstite for the game Draw it or Lose it. I also provided the the advatages and disadvantages from the different platforms for the clients. I have indentifying more on security, operating systems architectures and storage management for the Draw it or Lose it game. I also research on the security from the operating systme such as the firewall and the anti-virus software. I was also having more researching on memory management such as identifying the needs of database to save information, data when creating game. I also identify about the cloud and the distributed environment for the users to transfer and receive tasks for the game.

# What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
The process of working through a design document I found helpful to develping the code are when I am describing, identifying and understanding the comments of the code when I create the Draw it or Lose it game. I also find out the ULM diagram class for the Draw it and Lose it application is helpful. The ULM can help to examine the source code and classes in the game. The ULM can describe, represents the objects and classes in the game code. The ULM help me to identify all the properties from the Draw it or Lose it game such as the objects, class, functions, names and types.

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I will chose the security and the storage part on the documents to revise. I will also add more informations for the operating system. I will put more information about the web-base application and the game’s distributed Systems and Networks. The revision are I will do more researchs on the cloud and the other distributed environment. I will improve the security from the Window operating platform by researching more on new tool which can provide the protection against ransomware attacks and malware when the users are creating the game.

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? 
The important factor for the user’s needs and implement them into my software design is the appearance of the website. The website design and its appearance are important for the user interaction. The good color scheem, font and the good images can make the the appearance of the Draw it or Lose web-base application is more professional . The website speed is also important for interpreting the user’s need and implementing them into your software design. Because the good speed will make the game not to be in such a long time of loading. And it helps the game from not lagging.

# How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
I approach the designing software by breaking down the whole large tasks of designning the software into smaller pieces of tasks. I will divide the game project into many smaller components. By that way, I can easily manage the tasks. Breaking down the code can help me to organize and define the entire project code and the client’s needs. 
